and
Yes
Saturday, June 7 are present at it
TT circuit of axles for the third ow
cup races
we are preparing for the third supercup
600 race that speaks directly to you
it's really beautiful weather on it
easygreen
as the team round the clock stand in front
34 gentlemen and a lady jolanda from
westreen on the kawasaki
in that supercup 600 classes are here
Murder by Erik who very well of the
takes place
We see it as making a bunch of
evergreen kawasaki but it's jerry
German who is the first to
her book indeed with the whole field
becomes at the back
compact of course and there the champion
from last year's delian to look and a
surprise in the form of
numbero 84 thijs peters who comes from
the third row and he makes a whole one
good start along the north loop of the
little and because of the warm asphalt little
problems with renzo van emmerik well
for insertion of the bunch our cameraman
eric on so as said then tender that
whole field
the fear long after a snake
the bus enough and withdraw from here
jerry german
stan the farmer than the students from
emmerik eric performance
other new battery also with the bottom
others not ready
we are going to do business but honda's everything was over
there again and here we are with you
matthijs keddeman
and Matthew Keddeman that movie there
danny van der sluis but it's eric on
who comes through here shortly
hunting for farmers and only here
very nice shot an overview shops
van ramsoekh was now fulfilling mission
the most famous turn in the world
considering it and that whole field is one
elongated ribbon what hair and 30 already
which will show holes
the impeller for the gt
all those men
change crease johan christ heri
cordially Ronald Dekker
Wheatley PM geert screams and also together
see from rainforest from ashes linda
we then
Ron already costs a little getting going
come from his girlfriend Christ who came in
find the ram the day before
danny van der sluis goes down
surprised with a second one
training time but quest in manderveen
Here Matthew Keddeman again that
now in battle that coffin from hill
Chris van Hill has the speed four
injuries frequently if you 2013
to be found in this supercup 600 passes
but it is nevertheless Matt Keddeman who
comes in and this is part of it again
Stefan the farmers who films there you want
with the correct number only on
the card on the suzuki
he was here with the winner of 2013 and
then he comes who wants to come forward
you still come for
the farmer
full of gas molds make themselves small
and we see it in the wheel
left side it is a neck-and-neck race
between two of the farmer and wiljan
toll corner
and he will pass you again we love
back in view that means ft of the
farmer has passed it quickly
part of the circuit in front
always
jerry german but that leading group despite the
changes between
something quickly dropped back
Renzo of MRI and go driving oil
they often ride outside of competition
by chest can violence from that
leading group of four
you do not have offices follow moves
your laptop in it ready for the rear
in the picture
he you you you who is gone
her becomes with one of the
new drivers the noor so beautiful there
battle under tenth place with kenzo de
king and what for he and caravans
also the only lady jolanda from westreenen
drove together
then again in front with now one
thinned head group of 3
delicious on jerry german and stefan de
farmer the cameraman energy that beautiful that
duel between your stomach
enemies now on the asphalt
eric god and stefan the floor and honest
what is now passing by
geri german films t from the farmer
henry coppens for that but it
fits by no means done these three
they had a neck-and-neck race
combat that will continue until it
black and white
you there is now in charge here
you constantly prick it and it
search for a re- sharing
by 99
him again faultless through the GT-1
long jerry german from barneveld
the team from old church then new car
the suzuki
the virus, there is the hook bend insertion of
the farmer comes over to erik
beautiful competition for the head but also
the rear natural wheels
skirmishes and despite these fish
lie man who will soon offer more
by the farmer
members pace high and the rest couldn't
to follow it sees the big hole behind the
head over to the peasants that astonishment god
yes that is the corn on the mill from
you german
you really do not run away in it because of it
portal back it somewhat
next pace beyond that
thijs peters and matthijs keddeman de
goal hoekstra and full chest it is the
stee of the farmer who has cargo
taken over
how irri briefly becomes irish in your german
hear a kiss from there
there passed something go rent as a
whole life down and then another
others fall out
technical problems for michiel burger
then a final phase the final with Stefan de
farmer and ricotta then the jerry has german
have to go loose and unfortunately by the gt
black and white checked two of the farmer white
this third supercup 600 competition and then
let's talk to that top
well here you are on stage again how
it feels so to the race to the feels
very good I had a little trouble
and the start of the season really set him the rhythm
to come
we were sitting with me before it just went
next to the podium
yes and i think we have a whole today
have done a good job and I hope so
You can set this for this season
say erik on stage but still win
meaty first place jana
this time is started well I thought
last round
stern of I think
Claesson but you know where I am
want to throw him
they blocked every corner here
welcome to acting and yes was just by
there was strong so we didn't
Unfortunately
stefan your first number 1 position how
feels that yes it is incredible me there
never really had such a good feeling
and this is of course for more
for to races
yes we want to run for championship
so there will be a more frequent respect
end